[OSDOCS#17058]: DC-2: Image Mirroring and oc mirror Tooling-CQA-1 (#115599)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-image-set-config-examples.adoc

[id="oc-mirror-image-set-examples_{context}"]
= Image set configuration examples

[role="_abstract"]

> The following `ImageSetConfiguration` file examples show the configuration for various mirroring use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following `ImageSetConfiguration` file examples to understand the configuration for various mirroring use cases.
```

Reviewer 2: Self-referential. Please revise.

[id="oc-mirror-image-set-examples_{context}"]
= Image set configuration examples

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the following `ImageSetConfiguration` file examples to understand the configuration for various mirroring use cases.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to avoid self referential language in the abstract:

```suggestion
You can use `ImageSetConfiguration` file examples to understand the configuration for various mirroring use cases.
```
